Well,
how will it work in his mouth?
Yeah.
That's why some of those personal care products are kind of scary,
but a CBD product.
Yeah.
Like personal care for that,
like parabens and phthalates and you know,
estrogen,
you know,
the Fido estrogens and endocrine disruptors and stuff like that and them,
I mean,
you know,
they've,
they've done,
they've done studies where,
you know,
like,
like guys will like take a shower with the average shampoo that's got,
you know,
like parabens and phthalates and these things that that can be endocrine
disruptors or,
or phytoestrogen and you know,
mimic estrogen in a man's body.
And they actually,
within a short period of time,
after taking the shower and using these care products,
you can actually detect this stuff in their urine.
Like your body is actually soaking this up and absorbing.
It was the very,
very interesting book.
Uh,
interviewed this guy.
My podcast is called esterow generation about how many guys have really high
estrogen levels now from primarily their personal care products or their
household cleaning chemicals.
So it's true.
That's tough.
Trying to turn you into a bitch.
Yeah,
it is.
More or less guy's house and you see a bunch of his sweet smelling shampoos
surprise me.
Like,
like when I raced for,
for a team Timex,
we used the train out at the,
the giant stadium in New Jersey and I go in the locker room there and it's just
like this.
You'd think that the,
the peak of performance and professional sports would have started looking into
by this point,
how could you keep testosterone is high as possible on a male athletes body.
Right?
But you walk into the bathroom and it's just like every end of can disrupt or
known demand just like lined up in a pretty shiny row there on the shelf in
front of the meeting of the shaving cream and the shampoos and the spray
deodorant.
Just like,
yeah,
I mean any,
I did not all shaving cream,
but if it's,
if it's something that has those kinds of chemicals in it,
absolutely.
Have you ever used Dr Carver's shave butter?
That sounds familiar.
It's a,
it's a,
uh,
dollar shave club product.
It's the most incredible shaving cream of all time.
Like you'll regular shaving cream if you will.
You won't.
You just won't use it after you try that stuff.
I think I've tried that because he's just,
this probably happens to you.
You get lots of lots of personal care products since your studio home.
Yeah,
but that stuff blows me away.
It's like a butter.
I mean,
it's called the Dr Carver's.
Yeah.
Huh.
Interesting.
I'll get them sent us out off the trial to try and be blown away by.
I don't have to shave that much,
so don't have him send very much.
You don't cheat.
You don't grow a lot of eyes on a girl.
A lot of facial hair.
No.